content/blog/2008-01-17-everyday-shopping-in-sweden.md, before:

---
date: 2008-01-17T13:32:57.000Z
excerpt: Some links to Swedish supermarkets and shopping websites
published: true
tags:
  - sweden
  - food
  - living
  - shopping
  - supermarkets
  - personal
title: Everyday shopping in Sweden
---
I’ll be moving to Sweden in about a month, so I collected some links which I’d like to share here. I hope there is something of interest to you, whether you are thinking of moving to Sweden or just need some help for your vacation!

Whenever possible I try to link to the English version of the pages, but some of them are in Swedish only. Just try to use the dictionaries from my list (see my story "Links: Swedish language") or ask in the forums or me if you have trouble understanding something :-)

Sweden is one of the more expensive countries in Europe I guess, but it is also on the forefront of new technologies and services. For example, supermarkets are starting to offer home delivery and internet shopping! Chains and smaller immigrant-driven shops offer rich asortments of food from all over the globe at affordable prices.

Some larger supermarket chains:  

*   [ICA](https://www.ica.se/)
*   [Netto](https://www.netto.se/)
*   [Willy's](https://www.willys.se/)

Some specialized sites:

*   [bokfynd.nu](https://www.bokfynd.nu/)  
    This site compares book prices from different vendors. Save some money on those books for your study. Page in Swedish.

Commit message:

Add meta desc to frontpage, remove it from most others (WIP!)

content/blog/2008-01-17-everyday-shopping-in-sweden.md, after:

---
date: 2008-01-17T13:32:57.000Z
meta:
  description:
    value: New, studying or on vacation in Sweden? Find the most popular Swedish supermarkets, discount stores and price comparison sites.
published: true
tags:
  - sweden
  - food
  - living
  - shopping
  - supermarkets
  - personal
title: Everyday shopping in Sweden
---
Sweden is one of the more expensive countries in Europe, but it is also on the forefront of new technologies and services. For example, supermarkets are starting to offer home delivery and internet shopping! Chains and smaller immigrant-driven shops offer rich asortments of food from all over the globe at affordable prices.

## Larger supermarket chains

- [Coop](https://www.coop.se/)
- [Hemköp](https://www.hemkop.se/)
- [ICA](https://www.ica.se/)
- [LIDL](https://www.lidl.se/)
- [Netto](https://www.netto.se/)
- [Willy's](https://www.willys.se/)

## Specialized price comparison sites

- [bokfynd.nu](https://www.bokfynd.nu/)  
    This site compares book prices from different vendors. Save some money on those books for your study.
- [Matsmart](https://www.matsmart.se/)
    Sells food and other goods that are surplus or about to expire, but still good, at solid discounts
- [Prisjakt](https://www.prisjakt.nu/)
    This site compares prices for almost anything you can buy online in Sweden.
