content/blog/2014-12-23-percona-server-not-starting-in-jail-after-upgrading-freebsd-host-from-9-2-to-9-3.md, before:

---
author:
  display_name: Claus Conrad
  email: webmaster@clausconrad.com
  login: claus
  url: ''
author_email: webmaster@clausconrad.com
author_login: claus
comments: true
date: 2014-12-23 17:57:45 +01:00
date_gmt: 2014-12-23 16:57:45 +0000
header: false
published: true
sidebar: left
status: publish
tags:
  - mysql
  - freebsd
  - jails
  - percona
  - system-administration
title: Percona server not starting in jail after upgrading FreeBSD host from 9.2 to 9.3
wordpress_id: 808
wordpress_url: http://www.clausconrad.com/?p=808
---
1. `service mysql-server start` returned, but `service mysql-server status` showed that it was not started successfully.

2. The log file _/var/db/mysql/mysql-error.log_ warned that writing a file to _/var/db/mysql_ failed.

3. Checking the permissions on _/var/db/mysql_ showed that existing files in the folder were owned by user _mysql_ and group _mysql_, but the directory itself was owned by user _root_ and group _wheel_.

4. After granting user _mysql_ and group _mysql_ ownership of the folder (`chown mysql:mysql /var/db/mysql`) the server could be started successfully with `service mysql-server start`.

Commit message:

Check all posts have meaningful excerpt

content/blog/2014-12-23-percona-server-not-starting-in-jail-after-upgrading-freebsd-host-from-9-2-to-9-3.md, after:

---
author:
  display_name: Claus Conrad
  email: webmaster@clausconrad.com
  login: claus
  url: ''
author_email: webmaster@clausconrad.com
author_login: claus
comments: true
date: 2014-12-23 17:57:45 +01:00
date_gmt: 2014-12-23 16:57:45 +0000
excerpt: How to fix Percona server not starting in a jail after upgrading the FreeBSD host from 9.2 to 9.3
header: false
published: true
sidebar: left
status: publish
tags:
  - mysql
  - freebsd
  - jails
  - percona
  - system-administration
title: Percona server not starting in jail after upgrading FreeBSD host from 9.2 to 9.3
wordpress_id: 808
wordpress_url: http://www.clausconrad.com/?p=808
---
1. `service mysql-server start` returned, but `service mysql-server status` showed that it was not started successfully.

2. The log file _/var/db/mysql/mysql-error.log_ warned that writing a file to _/var/db/mysql_ failed.

3. Checking the permissions on _/var/db/mysql_ showed that existing files in the folder were owned by user _mysql_ and group _mysql_, but the directory itself was owned by user _root_ and group _wheel_.

4. After granting user _mysql_ and group _mysql_ ownership of the folder (`chown mysql:mysql /var/db/mysql`) the server could be started successfully with `service mysql-server start`.
